Boundary Docs (#2925)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/boundary/v1.0.x/content/docs/credentials/index.mdx

# Credentials in Boundary

> Connecting to a target normally means a user must know its credentials. Boundary removes that requirement — it centralizes credential storage and can broker or inject credentials automatically, so users never have to manage them directly. This page explains Boundary's credential management model; refer to the linked pages below for the steps to create a credential store or configure brokering and injection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Connecting to a target normally means a user must know its credentials. Boundary removes that requirement by centralizing credential storage. It can broker or inject credentials automatically, so users never have to manage them directly. This page explains Boundary's credential management model. Refer to the linked pages below for the steps to create a credential store or configure brokering and injection.
```

> ## What are credential stores?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Credential stores
```

Reviewer: Per our standards to not use rhetorical questions.
